document required permissions for PBM collector (#1054)
percona/mongodb_exporter: README.md

         "db":"local"
      }
```

> When using the PBM collector to get metrics from Percona Backup for MongoDB, the user should also have enough permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the PBM collector to get metrics from Percona Backup for MongoDB, the user should also have sufficient privileges
```
